Slowly but surely we're getting to the end of this first part of the course on visualization.
And in today's tutorial we will learn how to combine two charts and Tablo which will allow us to conduct
our data mining procedures much more efficiently.
But before we proceed I wanted to ask you for a quick favor if you're enjoying the course so far and
if you're learning quite a bit from these tutorials then would you mind leaving a review.
It's very easy to do just on the course page up at the top.
There's a button here eight course and all you have to do is just click it and select the number of
stars you think the course deserves.
Perhaps you could write a quick note if you'd like to comment on something.
But even just leaving the number of stars would mean a lot to me and I'm asking you now because a lot
of people don't get to the end of this course provided it is a 200 plus lecture course and more importantly
it is a very valuable tool for students who are considering this course to see what you have to say
about the course and see your rating.
And also if for any reason throughout the course you change your mind you can always come back here
and change your rating.
Hope you can do that and help me out with a review.
And let's get straight back into the show.
In the previous two tutorials we created two independent charts.
One is kind of like a test like an AB test or a classification test which tells us which age bands are
more at high risk of living in a company based on the sample and observe period of time based on the
test that was conducted basically.
And the other charge so we're told is the distribution of age overall.
So today we're going to learn how to combine these two charts into one.
And so there we can draw insights from them at the same time and we're going to be combining them on
this age chart so we're going to be adding the distribution to this age classification chart.
And let's go ahead and do that in order to add a second chart.
All you have to do is decide on what exactly you're you want to add to the chart.
So we want to keep the beans right.
We want the columns to be the same because they're the same across both charts here and here they're
exactly the same.
And so all we want to add is a new type of role is in this case we have the percentage of total which
is our table calculation here and now we want to add another type of row which is going to be just the
number of a record.
So now I'm going to take number of records and drag it onto the rows pane over here. As you can see
new char has appeared.
And in order to make more space just drag find this delimiter between the charts and drag it up words
a little bit so that we have sufficient room that looks like it's good.
OK.
Before we do anything else I would like to point out a few things that have changed in our workbook
or on this worksheet overall.
So first thing we had now have rows in.
We have a new measure in rows.
Of course we have this new char but also if you look at this Marks area now it looks very different
.
Now we have all a tab which is also for all the charts.
Then we have a tab for our first chart and we also have a tab for our second chart right.
So that is very interesting and gives you control if you want to control everything you can control
here.
So for instance I could what can I do here I could change the colors right and there would change everywhere
so I could say stay to be green exited would be red.
OK.
It changed everything.
Or I can go into one of them and let's say the new chart and I can remove exited if I don't want it
.
And as you can see doesn't affect the top chart.
I can remove the label if I don't want it that doesn't affect the top chart again.
Then it can go and change the color here which I'm going to do.
I'm going to change it to just like we had previously to a type of brownish color and then I can add
something here.
So as you remember we had a percentage Oh sorry a the color was dependent on the number of records so
let's take number of records and hold control and dragged into the color.
Once again I'm going to have to change the brown.
There we go that's all brown.
OK.
Now what I wanted to do is I don't like this red actually so let's go back to now.
This chart this top chart here so you can see how what it's like to work with several charts you can
have many more than that.
And here you can quickly go into colors and stayed.
What did we have for state.
It was blue that it was orange applied.
That's what our chart looked like.
And that's looking good.
Much better.
But now we want to add a label to this chart over here.
So let's add a label which is some number of records will take the same number records hold on control
drag dragging on to label.
There it is.
That's our number of records.
And what else do we want to do.
Well from here what I would suggest doing is like this is kind of a bit separate To be honest I like
when this chart is on top of the other one.
So let's try an experiment with that one.
Let's try and do that in order to switch their order.
You just have to switch the order over here and row.
So I would take the new chart and drag it before the old chart over here.
As you can see they've switched their order and also the panes or the tabs in the marks pane have switched
their order as well.
Now this is the top chart.
This is the bottom chart you can always tell by this triangle the triangle signifies a table calculation
which we have over here.
So there we go that's our two charts.
And what can we see from here.
Well we can see that as we knew before our customers the most that are represented by these two age
groups so between 30 and 40 or 45 years old.
And also in these two age group in these three age groups the probability of leaving is the lowest in
the 30 to 35 it's high 35 but still below average.
And then at 40 45 it goes above average then the probability of living increases for these age groups
.
But the number of customers in these age groups reduces.
And then what we're talking about these anomalies over here as we suspected there is a very low number
of customers overall in this in these bands in these age bands and therefore these anomalies may not
be statistically significant probably aren't just like this one over here.
So customers between 15 and 20 years old.
And that gives us some quick insights or additional insights into the chart.
This is how you can very quickly and efficiently analyze two charts.
But the main focus I guess of this trial was to get comfortable working to have two charts on one worksheet
like this because you know which one you put at the top which you put at the bottom what college you
said.
But most poorly of course how to work these separately so remember that that you can control the charts
together or separately and here you can see that the colors are grayed out.
The labels are great out there because that tells us that each of these charts has their own color palette
and their own labels that have been applied to them and then you can go into these separately.
So have a play around with that.
Have a look at what you can do can change around because after all even if you break something you can
just quickly recreate the chart.
No problem at all just try to get as comfortable as you can with this new feature of Tablo that we've
just discussed.
And in the next tutorial we'll discuss something very interesting.
I will show you how to.
Well I'll give you some ideas about how to assess the statistical significance so we keep talking about
.
And there'll be quite an interesting tutorial a bit more statistical but also quite important.
It will give us that additional leverage in terms of what the analysis that we can extract from these
shots.
Hope you enjoyed the tutorial and I hope you're enjoying the course overall.
If you are please do not hesitate to review.
It would mean a lot to me if you just click the number of stars you think the court deserves.
You can do it in the top or right part of your screen on the page and it takes literally 10 seconds
.
And I look forward to seeing you on the next tutorial.
Until then I'll be analyzing